There is hope, even when your brain tells you there isn’t.
John Green
The true definition of mental illness is when the majority of your time is spent in the past or future, but rarely living in the realism of NOW.
Shannon L. Alder
No one would ever say that someone with a broken arm or a broken leg is less than a whole person, but people say that or imply that all the time about people with mental illness.
Elyn R. Saks
Things not to say to someone with mental illness: Ignore it. Forget about it. Fight it. You are better than this. You are over thinking.
Nitya Prakash
Being able to be your true self is one of the strongest components of good mental health.
Lauren Fogel Mersy
All stress, anxiety, depression, is caused when we ignore who we are, and start living to please others.
Paulo Coelho
Mental illness… occurs when our mental health is compromised or neglected for so long that it affects our ability to function in our everyday life.
Kati Morton
Over the course of the past decade, there’s been increased willingness to recognize mental health as an essential part of one’s well-being.
Nicole Spector
We envisage a society in which mental health problems are an acceptable and in some ways valued part of the human experience.
Mike Slade, Lindsay Oades, Aaron Jarden
Consequently, actions that successfully improve the overall mental health of the population are likely to be accompanied by other important benefits to society.
Elliott Goldner, Emily Jenkins, Dan Bilsker
Not surprisingly, there has been a mismatch between the enormous impact of mental illness and addiction on the public’s health and our society’s limited commitment to addressing these problems.
John Campo
Just because no one else can heal or do your inner work for you, doesn’t mean you can, should, or need to do it alone.
Lisa Olivera
Slow, deep breathing is important… It’s like an anchor in the midst of an emotional storm: the anchor won’t get rid of the storm, but it will hold you steady until it passes.
Russ Harris
Mental illness is nothing to be ashamed of, but stigma and bias shame us all.
Bill Clinton
We need never be hopeless, because we can never be irreparably broken.
John Green
I am not afraid of storms for I am learning how to sail my ship.
Lousia May Alcott
